content/publication/example/index.md, before:

---
title: 'An example conference paper'

# Authors
# If you created a profile for a user (e.g. the default `admin` user), write the username (folder name) here
# and it will be replaced with their full name and linked to their profile.
authors:
  - admin
  - Robert Ford

# Author notes (optional)
author_notes:
  - 'Equal contribution'
  - 'Equal contribution'

date: '2013-07-01T00:00:00Z'
doi: ''

# Schedule page publish date (NOT publication's date).
publishDate: '2017-01-01T00:00:00Z'

# Publication type.
# Legend: 0 = Uncategorized; 1 = Conference paper; 2 = Journal article;
# 3 = Preprint / Working Paper; 4 = Report; 5 = Book; 6 = Book section;
# 7 = Thesis; 8 = Patent
publication_types: ['1']

# Publication name and optional abbreviated publication name.
publication: In *Wowchemy Conference*
publication_short: In *ICW*

abstract: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Duis posuere tellus ac convallis placerat. Proin tincidunt magna sed ex sollicitudin condimentum. Sed ac faucibus dolor, scelerisque sollicitudin nisi. Cras purus urna, suscipit quis sapien eu, pulvinar tempor diam. Quisque risus orci, mollis id ante sit amet, gravida egestas nisl. Sed ac tempus magna. Proin in dui enim. Donec condimentum, sem id dapibus fringilla, tellus enim condimentum arcu, nec volutpat est felis vel metus. Vestibulum sit amet erat at nulla eleifend gravida.

# Summary. An optional shortened abstract.
summary: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Duis posuere tellus ac convallis placerat. Proin tincidunt magna sed ex sollicitudin condimentum.

tags: []

# Display this page in the Featured widget?
featured: true

# Custom links (uncomment lines below)
# links:
# - name: Custom Link
#   url: http://example.org

url_pdf: ''
url_code: ''
url_dataset: ''
url_poster: ''
url_project: ''
url_slides: ''
url_source: ''
url_video: ''

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
image:
  caption: 'Image credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com/photos/pLCdAaMFLTE)'
  focal_point: ''
  preview_only: false

# Associated Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `internal-project` references `content/project/internal-project/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects: []`.
projects:
  - example

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this publication with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides: "example"` references `content/slides/example/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides: ""`.
slides: example
---

{{% callout note %}}
Click the _Cite_ button above to demo the feature to enable visitors to import publication metadata into their reference management software.
{{% /callout %}}

{{% callout note %}}
Create your slides in Markdown - click the _Slides_ button to check out the example.
{{% /callout %}}

Supplementary notes can be added here, including [code, math, and images](https://wowchemy.com/docs/writing-markdown-latex/).

Commit message:

content/publication/example/index.md

content/publication/example/index.md, after:

---
title: 'Reward Surfaces'

# Authors
# If you created a profile for a user (e.g. the default `admin` user), write the username (folder name) here
# and it will be replaced with their full name and linked to their profile.
authors:
  - admin
  - J. K. Terry
  - Benjamin Black
  - John P. Dickerson

# Author notes (optional)
author_notes:
  - 'Equal contribution'
  - 'Equal contribution'
  - 'Equal contribution'

date: '2022-07-23T00:00:00Z'
doi: ''

# Schedule page publish date (NOT publication's date).
publishDate: '2022-07-23T00:00:00Z'

# Publication type.
# Legend: 0 = Uncategorized; 1 = Conference paper; 2 = Journal article;
# 3 = Preprint / Working Paper; 4 = Report; 5 = Book; 6 = Book section;
# 7 = Thesis; 8 = Patent
publication_types: ['1']

# Publication name and optional abbreviated publication name.
publication: In *International Conference on Machine Learning*
publication_short: In *ICML*

abstract: Visualizing optimization landscapes has led to many fundamental insights in numeric optimization, and novel improvements to optimization techniques. However, visualizations of the objective that reinforcement learning optimizes (the "reward surface") have only ever been generated for a small number of narrow contexts. This work presents reward surfaces and related visualizations of 27 of the most widely used reinforcement learning environments in Gym for the first time. We also explore reward surfaces in the policy gradient direction and show for the first time that many popular reinforcement learning environments have frequent "cliffs" (sudden large drops in expected return). We demonstrate that A2C often "dives off" these cliffs into low reward regions of the parameter space while PPO avoids them, confirming a popular intuition for PPO's improved performance over previous methods. We additionally introduce a highly extensible library that allows researchers to easily generate these visualizations in the future. Our findings provide new intuition to explain the successes and failures of modern RL methods, and our visualizations concretely characterize several failure modes of reinforcement learning agents in novel ways.

# Summary. An optional shortened abstract.
summary: Developed a new visualization technique for reinforcement learning and used it to demonstrate a failure mode of policy gradient methods.

tags: []

# Display this page in the Featured widget?
featured: true

# Custom links (uncomment lines below)
# links:
# - name: Custom Link
#   url: http://example.org

url_pdf: 'https://proceedings.mlr.press/v162/sullivan22a/sullivan22a.pdf'
url_code: 'https://github.com/RyanNavillus/reward-surfaces'
url_dataset: ''
url_poster: ''
url_project: 'https://proceedings.mlr.press/v162/sullivan22a.html'
url_slides: 'https://icml.cc/media/icml-2022/Slides/16960.pdf'
url_source: ''
url_video: ''

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
image:
  caption: 'Image credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com/photos/pLCdAaMFLTE)'
  focal_point: ''
  preview_only: false

# Associated Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `internal-project` references `content/project/internal-project/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects: []`.
projects:
  - example

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this publication with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides: "example"` references `content/slides/example/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides: ""`.
slides: example
---

{{% callout note %}}
Click the _Cite_ button above to demo the feature to enable visitors to import publication metadata into their reference management software.
{{% /callout %}}

{{% callout note %}}
Create your slides in Markdown - click the _Slides_ button to check out the example.
{{% /callout %}}

Supplementary notes can be added here, including [code, math, and images](https://wowchemy.com/docs/writing-markdown-latex/).
